New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/preview.md

## Usage

> **Path to use the feature:** ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager, edit view of your content type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path to use the feature:** <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager, edit view of your content type
```
